Thanks for coming Mr. Zuckerberg.
How are you?
Just a sec.
Mom?
Could you get me my Frodo ring?
I want it here
Okay, now that we got the ring sorted out
we can move on to the topic at hand, which
is the concerns that have been raised--
You need water, okay...
Now as I was saying, there's been a lot of
concern about peoples' private information
and how--
Okay, how 'bout you just chug the water?
I want you to cut it off
Are you blowing bubbles?
I"m gonna have to spank you
Okay now, are you good?
I swear, it's like he's got a mask on
Listen kid, blink if you're not a lamp
We'd like you to make a little smile just
to show that you can
Oh, good heavens, that's just horrible.
Stop that son!
For the rest of the day, will you not do that
please?
Umm, so, I have to admit that all of this
is just boring as beans
And I'm - what are we talking about?
And what am I gonna ask?
It was about... oh yeah
So, when I have the Facebook then do I also
have the internet?
Umm, yeah, you do
Mmm-hhhh
I'd just like everyone to know that my van
is for sale
Great
I mean, I don't know how you feel about that
But if you got to kinda like drive it and
stuff, then
You know I'm pretty sure you'd want to buy
it
Nope
Wait, cuz this van, I mean, it's special
No, hey, I'll send you a picture and you'll
say "I want this in my driveway"
No, please don't send anything
Okay, well I guess you're stupid
It's just a van
I told you it's a special van!
Do you think that I might need to shave my
head for a Frenchman?
Because some people have said to me "you should
shave your head"
What do you think?
Just say "No, I will not do that?
Okay
Mr. Zuckerman
World War I was awful, do you agree?
Uh, yes
Well, why are we even here then? Senator Graham?
[singing] "Judy you were meant to be only
with me"
"La da da da - Judy you were born in moonlight"
Senator Graham?
Huh?
Do you got any questions for me, or...?
Shoot, see, what happened there is you guys
caught me singing "Judy Moonlight"
Because I really like it.
It's a really great song.
Because of, Judy Moonlight is the one the
song is about
Hey, ask me something
Do you like your heart rate?
I'll get back to you about that
My turn!
Can we be friends later?
No, I mean, we probably shouldn't
Would you say that if I lived in a treehouse? I doubt it
Have you ever smelled a girl's feet?
Cuz I imagine you and me could be doing that
at some point
No
WHat's the problem, little friend?
Don't try to get in my Porsche again
But I really like yoU!
MISTER FACEBOOK MAN
Lift your hand out like this, boy, swing it
out like this
You think it's hard?
Believe me, I could hold a hand in the air
all DAY
You see it?
I see it
It's tradition where I'm from to stare at
the outstretched hand!
That's for having your hair like that
Hey, I'll go bro
Do you worry about those little weenies you
get from Barb from downstairs?
I do not want that to be a thing
Hey really, man, I think people will find
you more fun if you open your mind about the
little weenies
I doubt that
Over here
Sorry kid, I forget your name
Uh, Bojang Bugami
Bugami, that's weird!
Say, what is that?
Flemish, or French, or Japanese, or Anglo?
Yep
Okay
Good hang, buddy
Cool hang
You have a bean head
Wow, really?
That's great
That kind of reminds me of how I knew Einstein
back when I was just a kid
And I would go to his apartment and dude had
a green bean bag
I wish that was right
And he had this deal where you could also
make all the chocolate milk you liked
You know, I can tell you what Einstein would
have said about Facebook: HORSE MANURE PILE
Umm, that's cool
Turd satchel -- remember, those are Einstein's words
Hey Mark
Do you have a painful scrote?
Uh, no I do not
Well you will in time
Judy you were meant to be only with me, la
da da da
Judy you were born in moonlight
Judy you were meant to be only with me, la da da da